okay so NZXT they have some of the best
looking case designs on the market and
they are a super popular company when it
comes to cases used by streamers and
youtubers like ninja uses their stuff
dr. Lupo NIC mercs even the hundred
thieves compound that crazy ball in
gaming house has a ton of NZXT cases in
them this is their new one this is the
NZXT h1 and it's super small see as much
as I like the design aesthetic of their
older stuff I've never built into an
NZXT case before because they're big
like even the smallest one they had
before was like 26 27 liters this is 13
and a half liters it's very small -
right up my alley and this is it the
NZXT h1 so the first I'm going to talk
about is the kind of design aesthetic
this thing did not come originally in
teal when I first got this thing this
had a black back panel and I feel like
it's a bit of a missed opportunity when
you have a product that's clearly
aesthetic focus I mean people who are
buying tiny cases care about the way
things look so I remove the back panel
and actually separates into a trim as
well as this grille and I painted the
trim white the grille blue and here we
are a customized 2d NZXT h1 so you have
the back panel here which I've turned
blue and is also the front panel which
has tempered glass like this smoked kind
of classic NZXT gray color to it but
it's a very kind of clean and minimal
looking case design it's a bangin case I
like the way this thing looks now to get
inside this thing it's relatively easy
the back panel and that front panel pop
off so I'll just do this on camera here
now this paint is kind of fresh it's
like a day old at this point so I'm
gonna be a little gentle with it but so
this pops off that and the same thing
applies for the glass same thing pop it
off and so once the two side panels are
off this thing can now unsheath like so
so the one I have here is a
pre-configured unit that NZXT sells on
their BLD website but more importantly
you can get this case by itself
like just the case now when I first saw
the price I got that case I was like
that's crazy expensive because there's
350 bucks but I realized that it comes
with a whole bunch of stuff it comes
with a 650 watt power supply it's gold
rated modular comes with the 140
millimeter all-in-one water cooler and
they also give you a PCIe riser so if
you don't know what a riser is for is to
allow you to mount your video card in an
untraditional location just because of
the shape and design of this case and to
get into this thing you do need a
screwdriver it's two screws it's
relatively easy to access now to get to
this stage like just removed shale you
don't need any tools as toolless and
tree in that sense but to get into the
actual motherboard area to like install
components you do need a screwdriver
okay so this hole rad comes down on this
hinge so you pop it off and there you go
pretty easy access to the motherboard
the one that include is the z3 90 I from
Asus it's a really good motherboard you
get your two RAM slots you get access to
your empty drives it's relatively easy
to build into but you do need to be
careful about the kind of cabling when
you close the rad back up because I mean
it's a relatively cramped system right
it is a small ITX form factor so just
when you close it you don't want to
pinch any cables closing it up they
designed this thing in a way so that
it's not easy to crimp something but
just keep your eye out when you close it
up but overall system is relatively easy
to build into for a small form-factor
like this the riser runs along the back
of the motherboard and allows you to
mount the GPU in this kind of vertical
stacked configuration and the power
supply it's a modular one they have
pretty clean cable management with it I
don't think that they did a perfect job
with cable management like there's
clearly some stuff hanging around here
and there but for a NZXT case this is
coming out of the factory it's pretty
clean the performance on this machine is
quite good I think they did a really
good job balancing the whole like
performance to noise level to thermals
like a lot of the small IITs cases
struggle with that because I've been so
cramped it being so small that you often
have either loud systems or under cooled
systems and this is something that I've
had issues with my builds I had
ghost s1 prior to this I've had the
circle case I've had the N case m1 and
they're all difficult to cool properly
quietly but this system it does it
really well and I think it's because
it's NZXT II because these guys are a
company that caters not just to
enthusiasts but just also to casual
builders as well like a lot of the
boutique ITX cases that have previously
mentioned you have to know what you're
doing right you have to kind of figure
things out on your own and figure out
what works for your particular build but
because of the way I mean n60 is a huge
company they're gonna do it right and
they've built the system so that anybody
can use it and just get good results and
have a tiny case that looks really good
now there are some concerns I have about
the h1 first thing is they're all in one
cooler I have no experience with this
particular cooler because I think it's
custom-built for this case I have no
idea if it's gonna last I've seen some
of their older stuff like some of the
NZXT all in ones have had issues like I
remember they had a bad batch two or
three years ago but in the short terms
I'd be able to test this unit I don't
see any issues popping up the other
thing is that with ITX cases because
they're smaller motherboards if you need
a ton of drives or a ton of USB
connections you have kind of limited
connectivity in that sense with a
smaller computer like this another thing
is that all the ports on this device are
on the bottom so if you have stuff to
connect it has to run through this gap
at the bottom of the PC and it kind of
bends out there's no hard angles or
anything it's like a I don't think
designed it well but if you are someone
that connects and disconnects stuff very
frequently you're gonna have to run some
kind of system to be able to do that
comfortably another thing to be aware of
is that the Wi-Fi antenna that comes
with this motherboard is this shark fin
shaped thing instead of your traditional
kind of bunny ear and this is designed
to run outside of your case so you have
this really clean setup and you have
this external shark fin which if you're
running Wi-Fi doesn't look the best but
overall this is a bangin case I like the
shape of it I like the way that it
builds and I think it's very reasonably
priced for what this thing offers the
thing that I think is most unique about
the h1 is that a lot of companies that
make kind of small boutique ITX cases
they have limited runs so you they're
very expensive and they're hard to get
this thing is made by NZXT a huge
company it's gonna be readily available
and I think they did a really really
good job with it okay there you have it
h1 from NZXT hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it
subs we loved it see you guys next time
[Music]